So one thing I noticed this is after I was testing out things I noticed when we have a book, let's
go ahead and I'm going to change this rating here, even though an update this is for it still sees
3.5 here, it looks like I'm not changing this book rating at all.
So let's start looking at.
Let's go to our list card looks like the book reading is there and it's always using that.
What do we want to do instead?
Is pass the book right?
And so we're going to go to the book.
This is something I forgot.
It's a book that rating.
I guess so now let's go ahead and run.
Now you can see it says four, because that's exactly what we have, if I say to which we should see
two there.
And let's make sure that it works all across, say, started reading and update now say zero.
OK, that's okay.
Click.
Once we start reading, it refreshes everything.
Let's update.
OK, very good.
So it is indeed working, as we would expect.
All right.
That was just a little thing.
Make sure you go to a book rating in our components or wherever you created that and pass the actual
book value there, right?
Book that rating.